 EDWARD M. LIDDY Retired Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
The Allstate Corporation 

Age
 
72

Director since
 
2000

Other current directorships
 
– Abbott Laboratories

 
 
– AbbVie, Inc.

 
 
– The Boeing Company

3M Board committee(s)
 
Compensation and Nominating and Governance (Chair) Committees

Independent
 
Yes
 Professional HighlightsMr. Liddy is the Retired
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, The Allstate Corporation, and former Partner at Clayton, Dubilier & Rice,
LLC, a private equity investment firm. Mr. Liddy served as a partner of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC from January 2010
to December 2015. At the request of the Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Mr. Liddy served as Interim Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of American International Group, Inc. (AIG), a global insurance and financial services
holding company, from September 2008 until August 2009. Mr. Liddy served as Chairman of the Board of The Allstate Corporation,
a personal lines insurer, from January 1999 to April 2008, and as its Chief Executive Officer from January 1999 to December 2006,
and as President and Chief Operating Officer from August 1994 to December 1998. Nominee QualificationsMr. Liddy earned an undergraduate
degree from Catholic University and a Masters of Business Administration from George Washington University. He brings to our Board
the benefits of his substantial experience as a senior executive and board member of several Fortune 100 companies across a range
of industries. Mr. Liddy’s extensive executive leadership experience at Allstate and American International Group enables
him to provide our Board with valuable insights on corporate strategy, risk management, corporate governance, and many other issues
facing large, global enterprises. Additionally, as a former Chief Financial Officer of Sears, Roebuck and Co., chair of the audit
committee of Goldman Sachs, and partner at Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC, Mr. Liddy provides our Board with significant knowledge
and understanding of corporate finance, capital markets, and financial reporting and accounting matters, which qualifies him to
serve as a director of 3M. 

10
 |
3M
 Table of Contents